#labels Featured
FAQ for prospector. Feel free to add any Fs, i will try to provide the As.

Q: Why just windows? 

A: No other machines here, so i can't compile linux or mac versions. however i can't see any reason why it shouldn't compile on a mac or linux system. So just get freebasic (http://www.freebasic.net/index.php/download) and compile prospector.bas in your src directory. If you run into any problems let me know, and also please if you had success. I also wouldn't mind uploading precompiled linux & mac versions here if i had them.  


Q: How do i equip stuff?

A: Your awayteam always uses the best equipment they can have and redistributes it to the living when someone should die. 


Q: What does a mining and laser drill do?

A: Both add a bonus to damage vs walls. To damage walls use the Fire command.


Q: What are cryo chambers good for?

A: cryogenic chambers provide easy storage for people, just hire the additional crewmen to fill them.


Q: How do you get more air?

A: Walk onto your ship.

Q: How do i get biodata?

A: (I)nspect plants and corpses. Not all plants and corpses yield results though

Q: What are the commands for (R)adioing the ship

A: One is "Hello" wich is answered with "Yes?" And more i will not tell you. Except that there are currently 7 (including the above). 

Q: Any hints?

A: Your communications satellite can do more than just relay messages. 2 Commands are a bit redundant, one is suicidal and the remaining too aren't too practical, though they can be fun.  

Q: How can we contact you?

A: comments, questions, ideas, feedback, bugreports, praise, criticism etc you can send to
matthias.mennel@gmail.com
There is also a considerable chance that if you found this thing on a forum that i will be hanging out there now and then, magellan is the nick.  